Update change log and some deps (#725)
KxSystems/kx-vscode: CHANGELOG.md

- Improved support for nested objects in the kdb Results View
- Moved documentation to a dedicated [documentation site](code.kx.com/vscode)
- Added ability to execute selection in quke files

> - Scratchpad now supports configurable query timeouts helping prevent long-running or runaway queries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scratchpad and Data Sources now support configurable query timeouts helping prevent long-running or runaway queries
```

Author: @nfarrell-kx This should be updated on doc site PR as well.
